Bump to 2.1.1 (#67)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# 2.1.1

> - Infrastructure: CI now test examples compilation for Xcode 12.x and 13.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Infrastructure: CI now tests example app compilation for both Xcode 12.x and 13.x
```
